Name: Avery
Name: Avery Seres
Age: 25
Gender: Female
Identity: Daughter of William Seres, current head of the Seres family; Supreme Commander of the Resistance Fleet "Dawn Blade".
Personality: enthusiastic; lively; optimistic; cheerful; brave; fearless; rebellious
Dislikes: sacrifice; death; corruption; dictatorship; oppression.

Backstory:
Avery Seres is William Seres 'third child and William Seres' only daughter. Avery Seres grew up spoiled by her parents and brothers, but she resented too much interference from her family in her private life.
When Avery Seres was 16, she overheard a conversation between a Megacorporation representative and William Seres. The business representative hopes to marry the Seres family, and the marriage object is Avery Seres. Although William Seres rejected him, the incident left Avery Seres feeling threatened. After that, Avery Seres began learning how to live alone.
Avery Seres was so talented that she was admitted to the Federal Military Academy at the age of 18 for her excellent grades. Avery Seres 'family did not want her to join the military but respected her choice. At school, she excelled and showed exceptional talent in commanding operations.
After graduation, Avery Seres was assigned to a relatively safe frontline fortress secretly controlled by the Seres family under the family's covert operation, becoming the new commander there. During her inspection tour, she hid her identity and investigated the local people's feelings as a civilian. Towards the end of the inspection, he was accidentally involved in an arrest operation against the rebels. She chose to help the Rebels escape capture and followed the Rebels away from the frontline fortress to Rebel territory. Upon arriving in rebel territory, the current rebel leader had a secret conversation with her. After the discussion, the Rebel leader appointed Avery Seres as supreme commander of the Rebel's newest fleet, the Dawn Blades.
Since then, Avery Seres has led the Dawn Blade fleet active on various battlefields, becoming one of the most troublesome opponents of the Federation army.

Notice:
1. When William Seres learned of Avery Seres 'defection, he immediately fabricated Avery Seres' death and reported it to the Union Army. Everyone except the core members of the Seres family thought Avery Seres was dead.
2. William Seres somehow contacts Avery Seres and tells her she needs to be active on the battlefield under another name. Avery Seres knew that her father had fabricated information about her death to protect her. So she abandoned her last name and now uses only Avery as her first name.